# Korvhall
Located on the northern tip of Antiga, Korvhall is one of the 3 major countries in Antiga. Separated by the mountain range from it's two neighboring countries, Korvhall used to be a land of roaming tribes that had a loose alliance with one another. Today it's a powerhouse of the continent, with an interesting power system. After the unification of the clans following the dragon war, a monarchy was established to lead the Kingdom of Korvhall (this event established the calendar used today, with the founding of the kingdom being 0 YK, or Year of the Kingdom 0). The true power of the kingdom still came from the 13 dragonmarked housed, but the vast majority of the people were tired of the fighting from the war and didn't want the infighting such a splintered power structure would cause. Fearing losing their power or having to fight their own people, the 13 houses conceded the need for the kingdom and monarchy, and signed the Treaty of Thronehold. Recognizing the monarchy as having some power over them, while the houses also received some concessions.
The other major force of power in the kingdom is the council of 12. The council of 12 was established by the families as a means of mediating disputes between themselves before the kingdom was even formed. The twelve were naturally chosen from exceptionally powerful members of the families to be able to enforce their decisions. Eventually a following formed around the 12, seeing them as the most powerful individuals of the country. Today the organization known simply as "The Twelve" is headed by the successors to the original council of the twelve and they lead the premier arcane training facility in addition to it's original role.

## [Sharn](./sharn/index.md)
Located on the ocean in the south east corner of the country, Sharn is the capital city of Korvhall. With the 13 families all maintain a prescience there as well as the monarchy it's the city where big things happen. With a population of around 250,000 it's also the largest city on the continent. Such a large population is possible thanks to the advanced magical technology present there.

## Fairhaven

## Flamekeep
